=pod

=head1 NAME

Mojolicious::Plugin::Sass - Use C<Sass> in your Mojolicious templates


=head1 SYNOPSIS

  $app->plugin('Sass');


=head1 DESCRIPTION

L<Mojolicious::Plugin::Sass> is a simple plugin to use Sass
(L<http://sass-lang.com/>) in your Mojolicious app.


=head1 METHODS

=head2 C<register>

  # Mojolicious
  $app->plugin('sass');

  # Mojolicious::Lite
  plugin 'Sass';

Called when registering the plugin.


=head1 HANDLER

=head2 C<sass>

Converts a Sass stylesheet to CSS on the fly.
Supports template caching.

=head2 C<scss>

Converts an Scss stylesheet to CSS on the fly.
Supports template caching.


=head2 C<sassc>

Converts a Sass stylesheet to a compressed CSS on the fly.
Supports template caching.

B<This handler is EXPERIMENTAL and may change without warnings.>

=head2 C<scssc>

Converts an Scss stylesheet to a compressed CSS on the fly.
Supports template caching.

B<This handler is EXPERIMENTAL and may change without warnings.>


=head1 HELPERS

=head2 C<sass_stylesheet>

  # In a template
  %= sass_stylesheet compress => '1', begin
    p {
      color: #000;
      a {
        color: red;
      }
    }
    p {
      font-size: 12pt;
    }
  % end

Renders Sass stylesheet code inline.

Optional parameters include C<compress =E<gt> "1"|"0"> (the default is C<0>) and C<type =E<gt> "sass"|"scss"> (the default is C<scss>).

B<This helper is EXPERIMENTAL and may change without warnings.>


=head1 DEPENDENCIES

L<Mojolicious>,
L<Text::Sass>,
L<CSS::Compressor>.


=head1 SEE ALSO


The functionality of this plugin is similar to L<Mojolicious::Plugin::SassRenderer>,
but supports template caching, DATA templates, helpers, and compression.


=head1 BUGS

As this plugin uses L<Text::Sass> and L<CSS::Compressor>,
it has their limitations.


=head1 AVAILABILITY

  https://github.com/Akron/Mojolicious-Plugin-Sass


=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

Copyright (C) 2012, Nils Diewald.

This program is free software, you can redistribute it
and/or modify it under the same terms as Perl.

=cut
